Okay, Concubine Gao Peng, you are indeed a shameless Luo Guangkan.
Concubine Peng, what are you going to do next?
What should I do? It turns out they are all group presidents of the company.
Then we Yunqi still have a lot of memories of being unemployed.
When it comes to the position with your experience, they still give it to me.
Brother Peng Fei, I am here to fight Yun Qi for you.
We treated Yun Qi and Sheng Minmin's children against each other,
Isn't it just so that Yun Qi can inherit the Holy Family business?
But who knew that he would go to Shengyun so much.
How can Su Xu alone have such great abilities?
With this pile of prison and camp gifts
There is still one thing lacking in courtesy, Prince Wang.
Put Shang Ming Qi and Mom's Qingshan flesh and blood
She can leave the position of president to her today
Tomorrow, I can give her all the remaining property.
When the time comes, our plans over the years will
It's all a waste of time to fetch water from bamboo and blue.
You know everything I said
But now it’s on the market
These are all the words of her remaining master
What can she do
Since this is how interest is calculated
You have to be gentle with Shang Mingzhu
You won't be reluctant to let it go, will you stay till the end?
She's still the same mother.
You have been a disciple of Shang family for so many years
But I just put you in my eyes
She doesn't take you seriously
As long as we help her yet
Everything about the Shang family
It's all ours